From this module we learned a lot about how to work with databases from our node Express back end.
We started in the place cheap asphalt here.
Here we defined our schema and the corresponding model which we then used in the places controller.
Here we were able to perform all CRUD operations so create read update and delete referring to our places
here.
We then applied our knowledge order for the user j s file.
Here we again created a schema and a corresponding model and then they're able to create new users or
to get to existing users in here in our users controllers.
J S file what was missing though was the connection between these two parts.
So between the places and the users this is what we've finally added In this module.
We learned that we can connect different models and schemas with the ref property right here.
And this allowed us to create places and to make sure that when we create a new place the idea of this
place is also added to a corresponding creator.
At the same time we have to create the right is stored in that place and we also made sure that if we
delete a place that this place or the corresponding at the off displays to be more precise is also removed
from our Creator as part of this.
We learned awesome that plots like down here.
Our populate method which makes it very easy to get access to documents stored in different collections
in Mongo TB.
So this is it.
This was the database part of this course.
I hope you enjoyed it.
And now we can continue with the next part in this will be connecting the front end and the back end.